README.md, before:

# seeReadCode / Principal at [superbasic.xyz](https://superbasic.xyz)

Welcome! I am a ML-focused, community-minded, scale-conscious developer seeking high stakes collaborative projects to draw on my wide experience across digital products and systems. I have worked with clients like JPMC, the Institute for Advanced Study, Vice, the Environmental Defense Fund, the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago, and the United 
Nations.

[Check out my recent bookmarks](https://seereadcode.github.io/bookmarks/)

## 👨‍💼 About Me

- **Work:** Principal at [superbasic.xyz](https://www.superbasic.xyz)
- **Skills:** Ruby, Python, Swift, Typescript, Ansible, and more
- **Interests:** GenAI & MLOps, devcontainers,  

## 🚀 Featured Project

- [legigram.com](https://legigram.com)  
  _A mobile-friendly browser for council agendas used by thousands_

## 🌐 Links

- **GitHub:** [seereadcode](https://github.com/seereadcode)
- **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/seeread](http://linkedin.com/in/seeread)
- **Website:** [superbasic.xyz](https://www.superbasic.xyz)

## 🛠️ Languages & Tools

- Ruby
- Python
- Swift
- Typescript
- Ansible
- ...and more

## 📫 Contact

Feel free to connect with me on [LinkedIn](http://linkedin.com/in/seeread),

Commit message:

Revise README with updated skills and interests
Updated personal description and interests in README.

README.md, after:

# seeReadCode / Principal at [superbasic.xyz](https://superbasic.xyz)

Welcome! I am a full stack, community-minded, scale-conscious developer seeking high impact collaborative projects to draw on my wide ranging experience across digital products and systems. I have worked with clients like JPMC, the Institute for Advanced Study, Vice, the Environmental Defense Fund, the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago, and the United 
Nations.

[Check out my recent bookmarks](https://seereadcode.github.io/bookmarks/)

## 👨‍💼 About Me

- **Work:** Principal at [superbasic.xyz](https://www.superbasic.xyz)
- **Interests:** Agent UX, MLOps, human factors, organizational design, complexity and scale, observability and response
- **Prefers:** declarative syntax, vim bindings, hotkeys
- **Enjoys:** cycling, yoga, cooking, books

## 🚀 Featured Project

- [legigram.com](https://legigram.com)  
  _A mobile-friendly browser for council agendas used by thousands_

## 🌐 Links

- **GitHub:** [seereadcode](https://github.com/seereadcode)
- **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/seeread](http://linkedin.com/in/seeread)
- **Website:** [superbasic.xyz](https://www.superbasic.xyz)

## 📫 Contact

Drop me a line on [LinkedIn](http://linkedin.com/in/seeread),
